Bump version to 0.14.0 (#691)
awslabs/smithy-typescript: CHANGELOG.md

# Smithy Typescript Codegen Changelog

## 0.14.0 (2023-02-09)

### Features

* Upgrade TypeScript `lib` to use `es2018` for SSDK libs ([#678](https://github.com/awslabs/smithy-typescript/pull/678))
* Bump SSDK libs version to 1.0.0-alpha.8 ([#689](https://github.com/awslabs/smithy-typescript/pull/689))

> * Allow non backwards-compatible required members ([#566](https://github.com/awslabs/smithy-typescript/pull/566), [#688](https://github.com/awslabs/smithy-typescript/pull/688))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add a code generator setting to generate `@required` members without `| undefined`. WARNING: Using this mode may lead to backwards incompatible impact on customers of the client when the service removes `@required` from a member. ([#566](https://github.com/awslabs/smithy-typescript/pull/566), [#688](https://github.com/awslabs/smithy-typescript/pull/688))
```
